🎉 Added T1K tool (#3)
d3b-center/HLA-Typing-Dev: docs/T1K_README.md

# T1K Genotyper
["The ONE genotyper for Kir and HLA](https://github.com/mourisl/T1K/).

> Currently implemented as a tool, the [usage guide](https://github.com/mourisl/T1K/tree/v1.0.2#usage) explains all the possible tool option.s Currently, the cwltool is limited, but will be expanded with future development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently implemented as a tool, the [usage guide](https://github.com/mourisl/T1K/tree/v1.0.2#usage) explains all the possible tool options. Currently, the cwltool is limited, but will be expanded with future development
```
